docs: add update information for v11 release (#39607)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/updating-latest.md

> # Updating Angular

Reviewer: oh uh.. one more thing I just realized. If we drop the version number from the filename, then there is a good possibility that upon the next release (v12), people will keep on seeing the v11 release notes if they navigate to angular.io right after the release.

This is due to how aggressively we cache the content files, which usually is very desirable.

If we rev the version number in the filename in each release, we ensure that the most recent content is displayed.

Can you please consider keeping the version number in the filename? thanks

## Changes and Deprecations in Version 10

<div class="alert is-helpful">

   For information about Angular's deprecation and removal practices, see [Angular Release Practices](guide/releases#deprecation-practices "Angular Release Practices: Deprecation practices").

</div>

{@a breaking-changes}
### New Breaking Changes

* TypeScript 3.9 is no longer supported. Please update to TypeScript 4.0. See [PR 39313](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/39313).
* NavigationExtras.preserveQueryParams has been removed from `@angular/router`. See [PR 38762](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/38762)
* `CollectionChangeRecord` has been removed from `@angular/core`. See [PR 38668](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/38668).
* We changed the default value for `relativeLinkResolution` from `'legacy'` to `'corrected'` so that new applications are automatically opted-in to the corrected behavior from  [PR 22394](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/22394). Applications which use the current default are updated by a migration to specify `'legacy'` to ensure the current behavior is maintained when the default is updated. See [PR 25609](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/25609).

> * Fixed a bug in the router where the arguments for `future` and `curr` were reversed in the call to shouldReuseRoute when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in the router where the arguments for `future` and `curr` snapshots were reversed in the call to [`shouldReuseRoute`](RouteReuseStrategy#shouldReuseRoute) when
```

processing child routes. Usually this ordering mistake doesn't matter because most implementations of shouldReuseRoute just do
an equality comparison between `future` and `curr`. However, some implementations actually do rely on values specifically on
one of the two and will need to be updated. See [PR 26949](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/26949).

> * Angular previously supported a view encapsulation mode `ViewEncapsulaion.Native` that was based on the v0 Shadow DOM Draft APIs. These APIs have been superceeded by the final Shadow DOM APIs, which are enabled via `ViewEncapsulation.ShadowDom`. For background information about this change, see [Web Components update: more time to upgrade to v1 APIs](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2019/07/web-components-time-to-upgrade).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `ViewEncapsulation.Native` has been removed. Angular previously supported a view encapsulation mode `ViewEncapsulaion.Native` that was based on the v0 Shadow DOM Draft APIs. These APIs have been superseded by the final Shadow DOM APIs, which are enabled via `ViewEncapsulation.ShadowDom`. For background information about this change, see [Web Components update: more time to upgrade to v1 APIs](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2019/07/web-components-time-to-upgrade).
```

> * `@angular/platform-webworker` has been removed and will no longer be supported. See [PR 38846](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/38846).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `@angular/platform-webworker` is no longer supported. No further versions will be published. See [PR 38846](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/38846).
```
(same for `platform-webworker--dynamic`)

> * `@angular/platform-webworker-dynamic` has been removed and will no longer be supported.See [PR 38846](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/38846).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `@angular/platform-webworker-dynamic` has been removed and will no longer be supported. See [PR 38846](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/38846).
```

* Updated the options for `initialNavigation`. For more information, see [initialNavigation](api/router/InitialNavigation) in the API documentation. See [PR 33128](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/33128).

> * Fractional milliseconds are no longer rounded up. See [PR 38009](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/38009).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `DatePipe` no longer rounds up fractional milliseconds. See [PR 38009](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/38009).
```
This one was missing context on _what_ no longer rounds up milliseconds

> * Locale data arrays are now read only. See [PR 30397](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/30397).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Locale data arrays are now read-only. See [PR 30397](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/30397).
```

* The injected `ControlValueAccessor` for `NG_VALUE_ACCESSOR` is now readonly. See [PR 29273](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/29723).

> * The type of AbstractControl.parent now indicates that it may be null. See [PR 32671](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/32671).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The type of `AbstractControl#parent` now indicates that it may be null. See [PR 32671](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/32671).
```

> * If you call `overrideProvider` before initializing the TestBed, an error will be thrown. See [PR 38717](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/38717).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Calling `overrideProvider` before initializing the TestBed will now throw an error. See [PR 38717](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/38717).
```

* Types for many Angular built-in pipes have been either narrowed or expanded to be more accurate. For more information, see the corresponding [Pipes](https://angular.io/api?type=pipe) API documentation. See [PR 37447](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/37447).

> * Remove deprecated support for IE 9, 10, and IE mobile. See [PR 38931] (https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/38931).

Reviewer 2: I would probably move this to be the first item since it's the most noteworthy change

> * Directives in Forms package used to have `any[]` as a type of validators and asyncValidators

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Directives in the `@angular/forms` package used to have `any[]` as a type of validators and asyncValidators
```
